Add search osc option (#205)
tidalcycles/pulsar-tidalcycles: README.md

##### Row / Column
`row` and `column` parameters can be specified to move the cursor on that position before the evaluation.

#### Search

> With the `search` parameter, you are able to to move the cursort to the first occurance that matches the search term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `search` parameter, you are able to to move the cursor to the first occurrence that matches the search term.
```
